hi are you my partner yeah chad collins where's
the pisser at sylvie brett you almost ruined
everything that i've worked for hope take your
drama back to fowlerton everybody said she'll
be back someday because chicago's too fast for
her i guess they were right i'm gonna miss you
lions of on attack hell of a firefighter from this
day forward this memorial site is sacred ground
i know who i want brother's spot you mean late
gallery no he's a daredevil you and i are gonna go
get brett back she's not happy in fowlerton a long
time ago he had a fool of a young rookie on squad
made me a better firefighter you can
do the same for him well i'm the 51.
i'm joe what's your name chloe we
got a clear shot out of here chloe
oh you're such an amazing guy allerton's not my
home anymore 51 is you need to come home brett
let's go hey i don't know if you remember
me i had to bring these over to say you know
thank you for saving my life next week for future
fire service leaders hosting an event i would be
very grateful if you represented our district
the department is having a charity picnic yes
i'd love to what's up with him he's been like
this for a week i'm gonna ask chloe to marry me
congratulations i don't have any leadership
experiences to share you know who i've never
doubted not once you i'm having second thoughts
about us this makes no sense i'm really sorry joe
chloe i know what you're gonna say you wanna
gallow on a short leash i'm not sure he fully
appreciates what the stakes are i can't be with
a firefighter i can't handle wondering every day
if i'm gonna see him at home or at the
hospital letting him go would be crazy hi joe
you pulled that kid out of a
rolling house fire he lost everyone
will you make me the happiest man on this earth
ryan pace by the way social services isaac's
gonna need some support settling into his new
dicks think you'd want to come with me
to visit yeah yeah i'd really like that
i had an investigator on the scene within an
hour he didn't clock anything suspicious i'm
telling you something is off but look at this
pan with the rags and then the rags are what
really got the fire going i'm lieutenant
wendy seeger from ofi they brought me on
to help clear up a backlog of cases i'd love
you to come work with us sir right i'm happy
where i am flames are rolling through both
windows at still level what do you do i
wouldn't send anyone in chief at that point it's
a recovery it's not a rescue the correct answer
you can't transfer me without my approval you
don't have that kind of authority transferred
income from us came from commissioner grissom you
must have big plans for stella kid she's got real
potential public service isn't about doing what
you want to do kelly right now of i needs help i
just want to let you know i signed you up
at the academy oh it's to be an instructor
you come directly from shift yes i did you might
want to alter your schedule hold it for 60.
you can't work every case like this
we'll never catch up and you'll never
go back to squad it's an electrical
fire you clearly belong here at ofi
you want to take the shift off and get rest and
do it no chief has given me all these amazing
opportunities and um i just don't want him
to think i don't got the goods get these the
way she was looking at you seeger is gonna
get her ass kicked what do you mean tell me
these don't look exactly the same i think one
arson is set both fires they both have the same
contractor jimmy conrad here also has an arrest
record we can celebrate when we nail this guy
little torches flares iron central this
guy was turning walls into flash paper
drake delaney engine captain of 20. captain
leone station 20. violet is just the absolute
worst there will be a several block overlap my
house 20. a bunch of glory hugs every one of them
about you trying to outdo half the guys
without breaking a sweat you're watching me
thanks for the assist it's our specialty we
created this space so that women could relax i was
relaxed until you came in got a letter on my door
landlord is raising the rent coming new year uh
what can i say i'm desperate firefighting expos
this week nick porter on the slam again rep
hey nick ouch you'll talk to him buddy this
is the uh third bedroom it's a great place
why are you breaking your lease it's just too
much space for me assistant deputy commissioner
gorge grissom installed gorshire to harass bowdoin
try to get him to snap i will retreat and wait for
another opportunity cancer is an epidemic one
in three firefighters will be diagnosed these
are new operational procedures that will keep
us safe i need to find a place to live i knew i
could never replace otis i would have loved
to have you there this is gonna be awesome
we're just gonna stay right here closing
up on that couch i don't want you to
go somewhere else to be home anymore you
move in my birth mother is seeking contact
seems very intrusive anyone can handle this
kind of bomb dropped in her lap it's you
you know what i wanted to ask you something yeah
i was thinking about my wedding and uh are you
asking me to be your best man would you the hell
yes the adoption intermediary you've been ignoring
just to name in an address
did you reach out to your birth mom
i picked up the phone a few times
i just think he's better speak in person i'm
looking for julie there's nobody here by that name
girl could have died you gave her
a chance i'm gonna keep checking in
i was just 16 when you were born just
know how much i want you in our lives in
whatever way works for you i'm not really
feeling a very supportive vibe right now
what's she up to captain leone
you do not want to be on her bad
you side to mali's tonight nope going out
with violet i knew you met your match with her
matt casey this is my birth mom julie julie this
is ben he's terrific how long have you two been
dating oh um no it's not like that what if
i set up a program where i recruit young
women to be junior firefighters sounds good put
this baby on the way i can't help but feel like
she's just gonna disappear again you're moving to
chicago don't worry we won't invade your space or
your life in any way that you don't want i'm not
worried julie i don't want to co-sponsor girls on
fire without someone who's dependable whatever
you need sign me up stabbing attractions again
sounds like you're gonna have a baby you'll call
somebody all over the bachelor party so you can
take that off your list yeah a woman like her
comes around once in a lifetime sounds like
you should marry her then you know this best
man thing you know what you're doing strong
i'm very sorry she died on the table sylvie
the baby's doing well would you like to see her
he's gonna lose his arm if we don't do a
fasciotomy we're not trained for that i am who was
the trauma surgeon who performed the fasciating
out in the field mr cauley that's nice work i do
thank you you may now kiss the bride are
you here for girls on fire what's your name
kylie i know how awesome this program can be
i brought a few friends let's have some fun
i can't give that child what she deserves scott
she deserves a father who loves her she needs you
looks like chlorine gas
chief smells like it too okay
we got the misty worker
we're coming out with him now
i want to go back to med school wow is that
you shouldn't be talking to me you should
be talking to brett well that's up at you
and violet i told her that we should keep
it casual see other people and she took it
the wrong way how is this little girl amelia
it was julie's middle name we are moving back
to rockford oh and i want you in amelia's life
of course you here for cap yeah send
him to get his eyes checked out haven't
heard from him since he left refused
treatment you reapplied to med school
i i wanted to tell you i started to but first i
just wanted to know if it was even a possibility
well it sounds like it is a possibility foster
what the hell are you doing i said i need to
rest my eyes they said stay on your hospital
supervision looks like they got more than a fine
maybe we should be exclusive maybe we
should break up maybe we should get married
you are out of your mind my eyes are
no good i'm done being a firefighter
okay you don't know that how's he know
i'm fine that mistake was the best thing
that ever happened to me in the last three years
i have met and worked with some of the most
amazing people with their help i've been able
to transform myself into a responsible that i am
ready to be a great student and an even better
doctor let it go he said they'll let me know
well i know they'd be lucky to have you